Docs: Improve multiprocessing.SharedMemory reference (#114093)
python/cpython: Doc/library/multiprocessing.shared_memory.rst

.. class:: SharedMemory(name=None, create=False, size=0, *, track=True)

   Create an instance of the :class:`!SharedMemory` class to either

>    create a new shared memory block or attache to an existing shared

Author: ```suggestion
   Create an instance of the :class:`!SharedMemory` class for either
   creating a new shared memory block or attaching to an existing shared
```

      When attaching to an existing shared memory block,
      the *size* parameter is ignored.

   :param bool track:
      When ``True``, register the shared memory block with a resource
      tracker process on platforms where the OS does not do this automatically.
      The resource tracker ensures proper cleanup of the shared memory even
      if all other processes with access to the memory exit without doing so.
      Python processes created from a common ancestor using :mod:`multiprocessing`
      facilities share a single resource tracker process, and the lifetime of
      shared memory segments is handled automatically among these processes.
      Python processes created in any other way will receive their own
      resource tracker when accessing shared memory with *track* enabled.
      This will cause the shared memory to be deleted by the resource tracker
      of the first process that terminates.
      To avoid this issue, users of :mod:`subprocess` or standalone Python
      processes should set *track* to ``False`` when there is already another
      process in place that does the bookkeeping.
      *track* is ignored on Windows, which has its own tracking and

>       automatically deletes shared memory when all handles to it have been closed.

Author: This is a _very_ long description for a parameter. We should extract some of this information into a note or something else. Well, for another PR.

Author: Perhaps create a small "explanation" section for this.
